What is SSL?
SSL (TLS) is a Session Layer (arguably application layer) protocol that is used for private communications over a computer network.

How does SSL work?
SSL uses symmetric cryptography (the same key is used for encrypting and decrypting) in order to disguise meaningful bytes transmitted
over a computer network into something that looks more or less like random noise. However, in order to establish a connection both 
parties must agree on a key to use for encrypting and decrypting data, and this is where things get interesting.  A naieve solution to 
establish a secure connection where both parties have the same key would be to simply pass a key from one device to another. However, 
once the key is transmitted over the network it cannot be assumed that the intended party was the only one that received the key. Since 
the key is used for both encryption and decryption, an uninvited party could decipher data that was not intended for it. 

How does SSL negotiate a connection?

etc?

What kinds of certificates are there?

What is a CA trust chain?

What is the validation process?

Show the main fields in an SSL certificate by using a web browser and going to a secure site.

The following is the certificate Hierarchy as presented in Firefox.
The Fields exist nested under the Certificate 'tab'.


USERTrust RSA Certifiation Authority
    InCommon RSA Server CA
        laulima.hawaii.edu
            Certificate
                Version
                Serial Number   
                Certificate Signature Algorithm
                Issuer
                Validity
                    Not Before
                    Not After
                Subject
                Subject Public Key Info
                    Subject Public Key Algorithm
                    Subject's Public Key
                Extensions
                    Certificate Authority Key Identifier
                    Certificate Subject Key ID
                    Certificate Key Usage
                    Certificate Basic Constraints
                    Extended Key Usage
                    Certificate Polices
                    CRL Distribution Points
                    Authority Information Access
                    Certificate Subjct Alt Name
                Certificate Signature Algorithm 
                Certificate Signature Value
